guarantee
Going back there was an explosion
I have to tell you this.
Otherwise everyone will die
Everybody, listen to me.
There's going to be an explosion here.
Everyone get out of here immediately
How can it explode?
That's a scary thing to say.
The bride won't be happy and confused, will she?
You believe me.
Dream dream what are you talking about
Mom, get everyone out of here
It's about to explode here
Possibly a gas line
Or something else.
You have to hurry up, manager
What is Mr. Su's order?
Let someone check it out
See if there are any safety hazards
But if they find the hidden danger
There would be no explosion.
That's fine.
Mr. Su has already had someone check it.
Gas pipeline safety
No hidden dangers
Pardon me?
That's not possible.
There must be some disclosure
Manager Ma, please find someone to check again.
I really can't, hurry up and disperse the crowd
There's still time. That's enough.